Workflows lookup reference: add glossary and expand cheat-sheet gotchas (#6826)
elastic/docs-content: explore-analyze/workflows/reference/glossary.md

Reviewer: this is 😘

---
navigation_title: Glossary
applies_to:
  stack: ga 9.4+
  serverless: ga
description: Reference of terms used across Elastic Workflows documentation, with concrete examples and links to the canonical reference pages.
products:
  - id: kibana
  - id: cloud-serverless
  - id: cloud-hosted
  - id: cloud-enterprise
  - id: cloud-kubernetes
  - id: elastic-stack
---

# Glossary [workflows-glossary]

> Every term and acronym used elsewhere in the Workflows documentation. Each entry links to the canonical reference page where one exists.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Every term and acronym used in the Workflows documentation. Each entry links to the canonical reference page where one exists.
```

## A-B [workflows-glossary-a-b]

### Action [workflows-glossary-action]

In alerting, an operation a rule takes when it fires. Workflows runs as an action through the **Run workflow** rule action. Refer to [Alert triggers](/explore-analyze/workflows/triggers/alert-triggers.md).

### Agent Builder [workflows-glossary-agent-builder]

A {{kib}} feature for building conversational AI agents. Workflows integrates as a tool provider (workflows can be called by agents) and as a step type (`ai.agent` calls agents from a workflow). Refer to [{{agent-builder}}](/explore-analyze/ai-features/elastic-agent-builder.md).

### Alert [workflows-glossary-alert]

> A document produced by an alerting rule when it fires. See also [Detection alert](#workflows-glossary-detection-alert).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A document produced by an alerting rule when it fires. Refer to [Detection alert](#workflows-glossary-detection-alert).
```
Visual clues are not accessible terms.

Either the data a step produces (accessed through `steps.<name>.output`), or a top-level declaration of what a workflow returns (required for workflows invoked through composition). Refer to [Anatomy: `outputs`](/explore-analyze/workflows/authoring-techniques/anatomy.md#workflows-anatomy-outputs).

## P-R [workflows-glossary-p-r]

### RBAC [workflows-glossary-rbac]

Role-based access control. {{kib}}'s privilege system. Workflows defines seven sub-feature privileges (`create`, `read`, `update`, `delete`, `execute`, `readExecution`, `cancelExecution`). Refer to [Set up Workflows](/explore-analyze/workflows/get-started/setup.md).

### Resume [workflows-glossary-resume]

Continuing a paused workflow after a `waitForInput` step. Done through the UI or the REST API. Refer to [Human-in-the-loop](/explore-analyze/workflows/authoring-techniques/human-in-the-loop.md).

### Retry [workflows-glossary-retry]

An `on-failure` strategy that re-runs a step. Supports exponential backoff, jitter, and per-error conditions. Refer to [Pass data and handle errors](/explore-analyze/workflows/authoring-techniques/pass-data-handle-errors.md).

### RRule [workflows-glossary-rrule]

> Recurrence Rule. The iCalendar recurrence specification. Scheduled triggers accept rrules for calendar-style recurrence. Refer to [Scheduled triggers](/explore-analyze/workflows/triggers/scheduled-triggers.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Recurrence Rule. The iCalendar recurrence specification. Scheduled triggers accept rules for calendar-style recurrence. Refer to [Scheduled triggers](/explore-analyze/workflows/triggers/scheduled-triggers.md).
```
